---
title: "I Can Do."
date: 2008-11-17
publishedAt: "2008-11-17T05:57:00.005+01:00"
labels: []
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2008/11/i-can-do.html"
---
I never accepted, such a big opportunity, that is a real challenge. I grew, bold enough - accepted to give training in a concept, where I have just theoretical knowledge but, I Can Do That. 

Teaching is twice learning, but, you already need to learn before you teach, that’s what I am done right now.

Email from Cloud nine:
Got an email from Senior Vice President, to come and meet her, for doing good job that kept me in cloud 9.

That day was really exiting, you won’t believe, I purchased a new Schuler’s blue colored decent and matching pant to attend that meeting. That talk was inspiring, really well, that kept all my engines on to work again, outstandingly, yes, I Can Do that, again and again and again.

She said, there is only 1 p.c of guys with my rating in our practice. That raised my chest raised by 2 inches and kept me smiling n silent.

Conference Recipe:
Hey, we started cooking. My intention is to save money, and Babul’s (btw, he is my tall room mate) was to skip that un-homely Kamat’s lunch and dinner.

Keeping my cousin Prathi and my Mom in conference, I made UPMA on this Thursday. Now, I can do, cooking as well.

That UPMA was really really fantastic, felt like a debutant making a century or like taking a perfect 10 in an innings.

I love cricket:
Being said about debutant century and perfect 10, Dada’s and Jumbo’s retirement, kept me in surprise, but not shocked. I love the bowling style of Kumble, he was a real warrior.

I am a good athlete, but, that athlete is sleeping some where deep in side this software engineers sole.

We can do:
With a change campaign, Obama made his impressive win as a US president his punch line through out his campaign was “we can do” that change.

New Year very near:
And, I am waiting for that to come, and, bring few excitements. Now, I am in my 3rd year of SE career, moving to my 3rd Project. I can do, this as well..

At my diary.
- Mvk.
