---
title: "Pointers"
date: 2008-05-15
publishedAt: "2008-05-15T13:46:00.013+02:00"
labels: []
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2008/05/pointers.html"
---
in my life book...

If day looks pessimistic, even before the thought of opening eyes on your bed. Then, better not to wake up in that morning .

Want to enjoy the bike drive, go for a Horsley hills ride with a friend.

Eating a dish for the first time and judging it as Delicious or arguing it as Bull shit is foolish. Context not restricted to food.

If you are sleep 8 hours a day, 1/3 of life is wasted.

No earn-quick-lavish-money jobs, I paid biggest fee to learn this lesson.

To feel, the cool blue of dawn or to enjoy the red of dusk, you may need to loss some part of sleep or put more efficient effort at work to go home early.

Making a resolution to put down the weight and not eating burger is very easy because I did it several times.

Every time - Asking some one, whether your choice is good, makes you a good follower rather than leader. Being neither is not optimal.

Ask some one to talk about you for a minute, it must be 60 seconds or even more, then you can easily assess him, unless you must be knowing more about you.

Don’t take more time to realize that shopping with credit card and Psycho (Room mate) will keep you in a rat race for the salary day of next month.

If you feel like laughing for every sentence then you are reading Chetan Bhagat’s mini-novel series. 
      - 5 point some one.
      - 1 night @ call center.
      - 3 mistakes of my life.

Want to write best software, then you must be a skilled user of other good software as well-  My rich experience.

If something makes you feel happy, don’t question your self - how you will live with out it. Just enjoy.

Want to know value of some one, just imagine life without them – Dad I really miss you.

Mid summer – hot noon – under the sun – felling thrust still not getting sweet, you are running on Bangalore streets.

Small is Big: 
   - Anonymous comments for posts.
   - Favorite songs on ipod even shuffle mode.
   - Getting  seat to sit in Bangalore-Madanapalle bus.
   - Salary on 29th .
- Making tea in Pantry, just imagining you as chief chef.
   - Holidays on Monday and Friday.
- Writing a code like a poem, and reading it again and again and again.

And many…  Last but not least cracking jocks with Mom Deeps granny and friends until wet eyes and stomach pain, on week ends.Will give immense joy.

  Thanks to god for giving many reasons to smile.
