---
title: "Bussigny.."
date: 2010-01-29
publishedAt: "2010-01-29T22:14:00.008+01:00"
labels: []
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2010/01/bussigny.html"
---
Weekend started, we are going for a training in Bussigny this weekend.

This week no much surprises, only good was i liked the sandwich, which i am preparing in morning, adding lettuce leafs added additional taste... um... Some good developments around SRM and Web Order Entry go live.:)

( If you don't know SRM jump to next paragraph - In Shopping cart do not try to Change the preferred vendor (partner function 0039) to fixed vendor (partner function 0019) using BBP_DOC_CHANGE_BADI unconditionally , because line items already lying in sourcing cockpit with preferred vendor will throw error - saying partners can't be changed now..do take care next time :))

So, This weekend i can't call mom in skype, btw, she is busy in house work (teacher doing home work) my granny anniversary is very near and we are suppose the paint our house.

Still 22: Lot many more days to go home. The moment i booked my tickets, since then, i feel like i am going home tomorrow - but that tomorrow never came yet.

In Geneva these days are very cold - windy - chilled. Becoming hard to wake up early morning, surprised when i woke up last morning (On a busy week day) at 8:10 am. Tomorrow morning need to catch up the train at 7:40 am -- Need to really work hard. 

WEF is going on in Davos - All world economic gurus are  in swiss now, temperature in davos once drooped to -18.

For software engineer there are only 2 days - Once is weekdays the two Weekends.

Congrats to Aamir for his Padma-award,still unable to understand why Saif got one. Let us not forget to recollect our national hero, on his 62nd Death anniversary, whose thoughts were far advance the then his time ear in which he lived - Gandhiji

with love, waiting for salary day :)
-mohan
