---
title: "Day 4.5"
date: 2010-02-23
publishedAt: "2010-02-23T08:58:00.003+01:00"
labels: ["Connect 4", "Feb Vacation", "New school"]
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2010/02/first-time-after-coming-back-i-had-my.html"
---
First time after coming back, I had my lunch and dinner at home with my Mom and Sis, My school teacher and family friend also joined us for Lunch yesterday. My teacher’s son like the replica of field ball for FIFA 2011 world cup match, I brought from Geneva, unfortunately we can’t play with that in mission compound ground.

Connect 4 – my teacher, Deepthi, mom and my self, we 4 played connect 4 many times. They liked this game, I may need to buy one more in BLR. I lost couple of times with each … with the same baseline mistake.

Our mobile was stolen when in house repair and painting, that was our favorite fancy number, and so we retained that number again yesterday, and purchased a new Nokia 2700 Classic.

I told several ppl about IMEI, a unique number for Equipment, need to be used with Police for filing a case against to Mobile steal, see in my case how exactly I missed. This time I will not let it go… I marked all 3 mobiles IMEI numbers in diary. You do take care.

My mom use to travel 22 km to her school every day, now after transfers it’s very near to our house, very near that - just now she came back to home for lunch and returned. By now she must have started teaching (playing?) with her 1st class students – Today For the first time I dropped her at the new school, it’s a village near by and 4 to 5km from home, well connected with autos and buses.

After furniture work and new paints our house looks decent… I could not help Mom and Deepthi in that work :(

We all are preparing for the Saturday’s Puja.

at my diary,
- mvk
