---
title: "Day 3.0"
date: 2010-02-21
publishedAt: "2010-02-21T17:28:00.008+01:00"
labels: ["Feb Vacation", "friends", "horsely hills"]
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2010/02/day-30.html"
---
The third day was little exiting, and exhausted as we all (7 ppl, 3 bikes) went to Horsley hills.

Unlike yesterday, today I woke up little early, by that time I open my eyes, Ravi was sitting on his bed and doing meditation (is it?).

By 10 am we were on roads, we all started to our only favorite place Horsley hills.

This time in Horsley hills we did little different  - After our chill out and chit chat time, we went to a local motel and placed our order for food, the food preparation time was 1 hr, exactly at that time Naresh called us said we are at “Adventure”.

What is Adventure – A Set of games in which you need climbing the Net and then walking on the rope between any two long trees, finally walk back to the Net and you will have FREE Fall from the top of the net to ground. Charges, 100 bucks per person.

Bharath, Started the game, he went up to the Net, we all made a big photo session, for his every gesture, then he successfully walked from the top of Net to another tree on a rope way, and free fall was also good. Then followed by Naresh, Did the same way but he looks little worried on rope. And we were betting for whether rope will sustain or Not.

I thought I could not do it, as am feeling little difficult in breathing because of heavy dust in drive.

I successfully went up the hill (net), and then started walking on the rope, by the time I reach middle, that enthusiastic instructor shook the rope, I completely lost the balance, I was hanging in air with a rope tide to my hip.

Some how I managed to reach the other end, and declared I will get down, but I realized… Babai (Naresh) was LoL …so again I started the journey back to the Net, this time instructor went away to give me moral and visual support. Then I reached the Net safely and successfully.

Then comes the free fall, that other instructor must be a muscular man, because after free fall to ground he must be the guy who should manage to land us safely by holding the rope tight  at rite time – he did his job perfectly for myself and Babai, who’s weight read 80 + the other night in weight machine.

It was lot of fun all the day, Ravi started to BLR at around 18:30 and Bharath left to HYD, Laxme will start to BLR tomorrow morning, and Naresh started to Chennai.

Bharath, Laxme, Naresh, Ravi, Pummy and Prathap - Have a great week ahead.

With love..
-Mvk
