---
title: "Den'twist'"
date: 2010-02-26
publishedAt: "2010-02-26T18:44:00.009+01:00"
labels: ["dentist", "Feb Vacation"]
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2010/02/dentist-and-session-out.html"
---
Every day going lively here, reason being very simple - No alternative for Love, every body were telling I became like balloon... a real time for re-think about my weight. I am walking like a  (Naresh must be happy to read this..)  pregnant lady :(

Today I visited 2 Dentists, as i got an unexpected pain when i woke up this morning.

I went to a novice (i believe) dentist, when i explained my problem him in Telugu, he replied in English, mother was sitting next to me ... after x-ray, He gave me a twist saying  he need to do RCT :( (which was like a minor surgery) .. I said Okay give me some pain killer and will see u on Monday.

Immediately after leaving my mom in RR street for shopping, I took appointment with a senior doctor (Dr.Diwakar) in town and explained him about the problem (about RCT twist) , his words show his experience, i was little happy to hear his explanation, and then I realized nothing had happened wrong with me... he advised a new toothpaste and 3 tablets. With today's visit, our 3 generation ppl in our family visited Dr.Diwakar. His Hospital was E std in 1981.

I am feeling okay now before my sleep, ... I thought I took wise decision for not going RCT, this was just 2nd time I am visiting a dentist, 1st time being in Geneva. Frankly to say I am very panic towards Dental problems, as my first problem (teeth extraction for non regular geometry) was a night mare for me, and this time after a week I need to travel back, travel itself is a pain for me, and pain with a pain :( .. i was worried.

Daily I checked my office mails, after every body slept, and now I think I can't check them any more as I am getting busy with my personal activities and will be out of town.

Tomorrow is the 1st year death anniversary for our grand mother... I miss her lot.

with love..
Vamsi
