---
title: "230 AM to 230 PM"
date: 2011-04-25
publishedAt: "2011-04-25T15:08:00.006+02:00"
labels: ["5 MM"]
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2011/04/230-am-to-230-pm.html"
---
8th April, Saturday morning 230 A.M, from somewhere, stopping my dreams, killing my weekend fun, a pain started somehow, really somewhere, I didn’t understood from where the pain is coming-in.
Till 5:30 AM.I am sweating, walking, self talking, lie-down on the floor, pressing the stomach. Finally, Mom’s advice of warm water with a tablet worked, slept till 10:30 AM.
By 4:30 PMCalled Jag, admitted in Hospital (for the first time, ever), until then I was jumping with the pain. This pain is challenging me. Except Crying I did everything.
In Emergency Care Unit, Got a first relief, with a pain killer injection, and doctors started and completed their analysis with a CAT scan, Finally, The beginning of, A 5 M.M Story.
“Nothing much to worry, you got a five mille meter stone, in kidney”
I, with my heart in my mouth, “If there is a stone of 5 mm in my kidney, why is this sudden pain, neither gradual nor any special symptoms”
“It was there in your kidney and it is coming out now, that is the reason, every movement of stone is causing pain for you”
Jag took me to his home, with the prescribed medicine, but by Sunday Night, nothing worked, Admitted in Hospital Again. This time Krishna Venky Chetan Tej Camu came to hospital, Their support was really heart touching.
After very very very long, two days of observation I was discharged on Tuesday after noon, I reached my House by 230 PM. Believe me it was very very boring.
Dr said,  7 lts of water/day to avoid further problems and no tablets(Ty god).
Bottom Line: 'Invent' some time for your body, by watering it, by calorie burning, by proper food, by meditation, by proper 7 hr sleep, by peaceful book reading, or, otherwise, the Doctors will get ROI on his/her studies.
Thanks to all my friends, special thanks to Jag and chandana.
have fun guys,Vamsi
