---
title: "22 Things.."
date: 2013-03-17
publishedAt: "2013-03-17T15:41:00.001+01:00"
labels: []
originalUrl: "https://mrmohan.blogspot.com/2013/03/22-things-happy-people-do-differently.html"
---
0
  0
  1
  923
  5264
  IBM
  43
  12
  6175
  14.0
 
 
  
 

 
  Normal
  0
  
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  JA
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

 /* Style Definitions */
table.MsoNormalTable
 {mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
 mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
 mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
 mso-style-noshow:yes;
 mso-style-priority:99;
 mso-style-parent:"";
 mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
 mso-para-margin:0in;
 mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
 mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
 font-size:12.0pt;
 font-family:Cambria;
 mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria;
 mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
 mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria;
 mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}

1. Don’t hold grudges.

Happy people understand that it’s better to forgive and
forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings.
Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including
increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you
have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you’ll gain a clear
conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.

2. Treat everyone with
kindness.

Did you know that it has been
scientifically proven that being kind makes you happier? Every time you perform
a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and
lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and
respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.

3. See problems as challenges.

The word “problem” is never
part of a happy person’s vocabulary. A problem is viewed as a drawback, a
struggle, or an unstable situation while a challenge is viewed as something
positive like an opportunity, a task, or a dare. Whenever you face an obstacle,
try looking at it as a challenge.

4. Express gratitude for what
they already have.

There’s a popular saying that
goes something like this: “The happiest people don’t have the best of
everything; they just make the best of everything they have.” You will have a
deeper sense of contentment if you count your blessings instead of yearning for
what you don’t have.

5. Dream big.

People who get into the habit
of dreaming big are more likely to accomplish their goals than those who don’t.
If you dare to dream big, your mind will put itself in a focused and positive
state.

6. Don’t sweat the small
stuff.

Happy people ask themselves,
“Will this problem matter a year from now?” They understand that life’s too
short to get worked up over trivial situations. Letting things roll off your
back will definitely put you at ease to enjoy the more important things in
life.

7. Speak well of others.

Being nice feels better than
being mean. As fun as gossiping is, it usually leaves you feeling guilty and
resentful. Saying nice things about other people encourages you to think
positive, non-judgmental thoughts.

8. Never make excuses.

Benjamin Franklin once said,
“He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.” Happy
people don’t make excuses or blame others for their own failures in life.
Instead, they own up to their mistakes and, by doing so, they proactively try
to change for the better.

9. Get absorbed into the
present.

Happy people don’t dwell on
the past or worry about the future. They savor the present. They let themselves
get immersed in whatever they’re doing at the moment. Stop and smell the roses.

10. Wake up at the same time
every morning.

Have you noticed that a lot of
successful people tend to be early risers? Waking up at the same time every
morning stabilizes your circadian rhythm, increases productivity, and puts you
in a calm and centered state.

11. Avoid social comparison.

Everyone works at his own
pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you’re better than
someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone
else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. You’ll be
happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.

12. Choose friends wisely.

Misery loves company. That’s
why it’s important to surround yourself with optimistic people who will
encourage you to achieve your goals. The more positive energy you have around
you, the better you will feel about yourself.

13. Never seek approval from
others.

Happy people don’t care what
others think of them. They follow their own hearts without letting naysayers
discourage them. They understand that it’s impossible to please everyone.
Listen to what people have to say, but never seek anyone’s approval but your
own.

14. Take the time to listen.

Talk less; listen more.
Listening keeps your mind open to others’ wisdoms and outlooks on the world.
The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content
you feel.

15. Nurture social
relationships.

A lonely person is a miserable
person. Happy people understand how important it is to have strong, healthy
relationships. Always take the time to see and talk to your family, friends, or
significant other.

16. Meditate.

Meditating silences your mind
and helps you find inner peace. You don’t have to be a zen master to pull it
off. Happy people know how to silence their minds anywhere and anytime they
need to calm their nerves.

17. Eat well.

Junk food makes you sluggish,
and it’s difficult to be happy when you’re in that kind of state. Everything
you eat directly affects your body’s ability to produce hormones, which will
dictate your moods, energy, and mental focus. Be sure to eat foods that will
keep your mind and body in good shape.

18. Exercise.

Studies have shown that
exercise raises happiness levels just as much as Zoloft does. Exercising also
boosts your self-esteem and gives you a higher sense of self-accomplishment.

19. Live minimally.

Happy people rarely keep
clutter around the house because they know that extra belongings weigh them
down and make them feel overwhelmed and stressed out. Some studies have
concluded that Europeans are a lot happier than Americans are, which is
interesting because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own
fewer items.

20. Tell the truth.

Lying stresses you out,
corrodes your self-esteem, and makes you unlikeable. The truth will set you
free. Being honest improves your mental health and builds others’ trust in you.
Always be truthful, and never apologize for it.

21. Establish personal
control.

Happy people have the ability
to choose their own destinies. They don’t let others tell them how they should
live their lives. Being in complete control of one’s own life brings positive feelings
and a great sense of self-worth.

22. Accept what cannot be
changed.

Once you accept the fact that
life is not fair, you’ll be more at peace with yourself. Instead of obsessing
over how unfair life is, just focus on what you can control and change it for
the better.

Copied & formated from internet today - Have great day & enjoy rest of the week.. 

- Vamsi
